Yo mama's so skinny, I could blind-fold her with dental floss.
Yo mama's so skinny, her nipples touch.
Yo mama's so skinny, she turned sideways and disappeared.
Yo mama's so skinny, she looks like a mic stand.
Yo mama's so skinny, if she turned sideways and stuck out her tongue, she would look like a zipper.
Yo mama's so skinny, she can see out the peephole with both eyes.
Yo mama's so skinny, she can dodge rain drops.
Yo mama's so skinny, she only has one stripe on her pajamas.
Yo mama's so skinny, she has to run around in the shower to get wet.
Yo mama's so skinny, when she takes a bath and lets the water out, her toes get caught in the drain.
Yo mama's so skinny, I gave her a piece of popcorn and she went into a coma.
Yo mama's so skinny, you can save her from drowning by tossing her a pretzel.
Yo mama's so skinny, if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
Yo mama's so skinny, her bra fits better backward.
Yo mama's so skinny, she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
Yo mama's so skinny and flat, she's the only woman in the world with two backs.
Yo mama's so skinny, she inspires crack whores to diet. 
Yo momma's so fat, she makes Free Willy look like a tic tac.
Yo momma's so fat, when she walked in front of the TV I missed 3 episodes.
Yo momma's so fat, when she steps on the scale it says one at a time please.
Yo momma's so fat, when she steps on the scale it says sorry we don't do livestock.
Yo momma's so fat, when she went to the beach Greenpeace tried to drag her back in the water.
Yo momma's so fat, when she went to get a water bed, they put a blanket across Lake Michigan.
Yo momma's so fat, when she tiptoes, everyone yells "Stampede!"
Yo momma's so fat, she makes sumo wrestlers look anorexic.
Yo momma's so fat, when she wore a shirt with an AA on it, people thought it was American Airlines biggest jet.
Yo momma's so fat, when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo momma's so fat, she can't stay on a basketball court for three seconds without getting called for a key violation.
Yo momma's so fat, I had to take a train and two busses just to get on her good side.
Yo momma's so fat, she can lay down and stand up and her height doesn't change.
Yo momma's so fat, the horse on her Polo shirt is real.
Yo momma's so fat, her belly jiggle is the first ever perpetual motion machine.
Yo momma's so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say: "Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons OR Yo Momma"
Yo momma's so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Yo momma's so fat, when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease, the doctor gave her 50 years to live.
Yo momma's so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
Yo momma's so fat, she's got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
Yo momma's so fat, her picture takes two frames.
Yo momma's so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.
Yo momma's so fat, not even Dora can explore her.
Yo momma's so fat, she wore a yellow raincoat and people yelled Taxi.
Yo momma's so fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller.
Yo momma's so fat, she broke your family tree.
Yo momma's so fat, she doesn't need the internet; she's already world wide.
Yo momma's so fat, when she steps on a scale it says to be continued.
Yo momma's so fat, when God said let it be light he told your momma to move.
Yo momma's so fat, when she stepped on the scale it came up with my phone number.
Yo momma's so fat, she gives a whole new meaning to infinity and beyond.
Yo momma's so fat, that when she died, she ended world hunger.
Yo momma's so fat, if she buys a fur coat, a species will be extinct.
Yo momma's so fat, I used the elastic from her underwear for bungie jumping.
Yo momma's so fat, she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
Yo momma's so fat, everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil. 
Yo momma's is a MILF!